Dear Sofia, ♥  (づ_ど)

There's something special I want to share with you. 
<center> ‧₊˚❀༉‧₊˚. 
             </center>

over the past weeks, and month, I've come to realize that my feelings for you have grown beyond friendship. Your kindness, intelligence, 
and the way you light up a room with your presence have captured my heart. 

I know this might come as a surprise, and I understand if you need time to process it.
Please know that I value our friendship immensely, and i cherish the moments we've shared together.

I have to admit, I can't stop thinking about you Sofia...... Guess what? You've captured my thoughts completely.
And................................................................................

I like you.
but............!!!


I also like your flaws.

your imperfections.

your personality.

your vibe.

your style.

your worst, and most of all.

yourrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr smile!..  ˶ᵔ ᵕ ᵔ˶

Whether or not you feel the same way, I felt it was important to be honest with you about my feelings. I just need to get this out of my head for my peace of mind. I will fully respect whatever your decision might be.

I want to be with you Sofia.. I want to be a part of your life's journey.. I want to build with you and experience things with you through ups and downs.
I assure you that i won't date you just to pass time. I see potential in you Sofia, I want to pursue you & court you.

I'm aware that after this the situation will be awkward because you & i are friends.
However, i really do have feelings for you. and I'm prepared about what might happen next after telling you about this.
but you know what yana? my feelings for you are genuine and it grows stronger everyday.

If i had to choose between take the risk or lose the chance. I will choose to take the risk, kay wala sa akong vocabulary ang mag sayang ug chance even though i'm really shy type person.
I will risk everything for you just to show you how much i like you, adore you, and love you.

I know that you're entertaining someone not here in the philippines but in different country.. i was able to know it because you told me.
and i bet that you'll get speechless about the letter that i'm unsealing towards you, but it's okay I understand and I can handle it Sofia.
  
As we move forward, I feel a stirring of excitement, curious about the twists and turns ahead.
Let's see where our companionship takes us, whether it's a deepening friendship or something beyond.

With sincerest affection,

Ace B.
